Yuma: Last time
on Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal...
Mr. Heartland: Enter.
Did you retrieve
the number, Kite?
Kite: I did.
That's superb news.
What's wrong, Kite?
Now now,
don't tell me you're
upset about all the souls
that you've been capturing.
Just promise me when all
of the numbers cards are ours,
my brother will be okay.
Ah, Dr. Faker.
Dr. Faker: Tell me, what is
the latest in our undertaking?
The latest is that everything
is going just as planned.
And what a fine plan it is.
What is it they say?
One man's trash
is another man's treasure?
Well it's True, and with
that treasure we will
do what we must to
protect our future.
Come on, Tori!
Tori: I'm moving
as fast as I...
Tori...
what's the deal?
Tori!
[Whistling]
[Screaming]
Hey, why do you keep
freezing everything?
Things aren't exactly frozen.
Time's simply moving at
1/10,000th of it's normal speed.
Only people with numbers can
move freely in this field.
Now you and I will
duel for numbers.
Together: Let's duel!
I xyz summon number 20!
Giga-Brilliant!
Astral: He summoned two
numbers in just one turn.
Now, the hunt truly begins.
♪ If life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothin' ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ my dreams won't die
if I high-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings take
off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I
leave all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance and
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance, I'll
take a chance in today ♪
I can't believe it.
Two number monsters?
And this number Hunter guy
summoned them both
in just one turn.
Man, that was quick.
Whoever this fellow is,
he is certainly a force
to be reckoned with.
Especially since it seems that
even though he craves these
number cards, he is not
under their dark influence.
And now, I end my turn.
Orbital 7: What a move!
Ending your turn!
Right on!
That's not a move, gear-Head.
Oh, sorry.
My bad.
Well, here goes.
My turn!
I draw!
Gogogo golem!
All right!
Golem can't just take a
punch, he can take two.
Ready?
Here's my move.
One monster, facedown,
in defense mode!
Really?
That's it?
Fine!
It's my turn again.
And first I'm going
to do THIS:
Use illumiknight's ability!
Now, by using an overlay
unit and discarding a card,
I can draw a card!
Alright then.
Now I play
giga-Brilliant's ability.
By using one overlay unit,
giga-Brilliant gains
300 attack points.
And now,
giga-Brilliant attack!
Take out yuma's
facedown monster!
Sorry Hunter, sure
giga-Brilliant's has more attack
points than golem, But golem
has an ability that
lets it survive an
ATTACK once Per turn!
Well, I guess then it's
a very good thing that...
I have plenty more attacks
where that one came from!
Go, illumiknight!
Attack With Shimmering
Sword slash!
Not good.
He was my only monster.
Now what?
Now you relax.
There are no other
monsters on his field he
can attack you with.
Oh yeah,
I'm safe for now.
Is that what you think?
You're a very long way
away from being safe.
And lemme guess,
now you're gonna show me why.
I tribute giga-Brilliant
and illumiknight.
Goodbye, you two!
And...
hello!
Hello?
And just who exactly are we
saying hello to may I ask?
Here, why don't you
simply see for yourself.
What's that?
Uh... I don't like
the looks of this...
say hello to
galaxy-Eyes photon Dragon!
[Roaring]
get ready to meet defeat.
Cause my galaxy-Eyes
photon Dragon is
ready to seek and destroy.
Whoa, seek n' destroy...
then we better be ready
to duck and cover.
I know this creature...
I end my turn.
Make your move.
Is there a move to make?
Utopia is the only card in my
deck that stands a chance
against that thing.
But to summon utopia out,
I need two monsters.
So I guess I'd better get busy!
Alright Hunter, here I go!
First I summon gagaga magician!
And the magic's just startin'!
next I play a spell card!
Do your thing, monster slots!
You see, with this card,
by banishing a monster in my
graveyard that's the same
level as gagaga magician,
I'm allowed to draw a card from
my deck, and if that card's the
same level as gagaga,
I'm allowed to summon it!
Alrighty,
here goes...
if I can draw a level 4
monster, I'm still in this!
I'm feeling the flow!
Draw!
All right, I did it!
I got just what I
needed, the level 4
ganbara Knight!
Welcome to the game, ganbara!
And now that I have
two level 4 monsters
out and about on my field,
I'm gonna go ahead
and overlay them,
so whenever you're ready, guys!
Alright, the overlay
network has been built!
Now I xyz summon!
Number 39: Utopia!
I'm countin' on ya, utopia!
Ah, the number
has finally appeared!
So dr. Faker,
what do you think of my plan?
A world duel
carnival is perfect!
I'm so pleased you approve.
I'll get to work arranging for
the tournament at once.
I'll see to it all the finest
duelists in heartland are there.
And of course, more duelists
from all over the world.
Duelists with numbers.
Quite right.
Naturally, Kite
will participate.
And then when he wins
the tournament,
all of those wonderful number
cards will belong to us.
Yes, but...
what if Kite should lose?
What happens
then, Mr. Heartland?
We should leave
nothing to chance,
for these number cards are
of the utmost importance.
There's no need to worry, sir.
Kite won't lose.
After all, his deck
is simply unbeatable.
Our knowledge of the
other world has seen to that.
Yes, a valid point.
Very well then,
it's settled.
Schedule this so-Called
'carnival' as
soon as possible.
[laughing]
and the sooner the better, for
I have a great many sphere field
experiments to run.
And this carnival of
duels will be the
perfect place to run them.
Because with this sphere, I
can draw out a number's power,
and then by using that power...
[laughing]
HART: Yes, it's
all working.
It's working,
the energy... is flowing...
[laughing]
Well done, Hart!
Make Astral world pay, make
them pay with your power!
Galaxy-Eyes has
3000 attack points,
and utopia has only 2500.
But even so,
I'm gonna attack!
Are you mad?
Maybe so astral, but I'm hoping
there's a method to my madness.
Guess we're about to find
out right here, right now!
Time to feel the flow!
I activate the spell
card - Blustering winds!
Thanks to this card, my utopia
Gains 1000 attack and defense
points Until my next turn!
Alright, now utopia's the
strongest monster on the field!
Perhaps.
Well, why don't we go ahead
and battle and find out?
Battle?
That sounds good to me!
Let 'em have it, utopia!
This is not going to be
a very pleasant sight.
Got that right!
You can close you're
eyes if you're scared!
Not a pleasant sight for you.
Say wha...
you underestimated
my Dragon's power,
and now you'll pay the price!
You see,
when galaxy-Eyes
battles your monster,
both our monsters are banished.
No!
Your attempt to attack
me failed miserably.
What's your next move?
I guess I'll just
end my turn then.
I was hoping that you'd say
that because now you see,
galaxy-Eyes'ability continues,
and the monsters that
were banished from play
return to the field.
Utopia.
You weren't destroyed?
Alright. With my utopia back,
I'm still in this duel!
Little fool.
Still, you simply
do not understand.
If the monster that galaxy-Eyes
banished from play was an xyz
monster, galaxy absorbs that
monster's overlay units,
and gains 500 attack
points for each one!
Oh No.
Utopia's overlay
units are gone?
Indeed they are,
both of them.
So if you do the math,
galaxy-Eyes gains
1000 attack points!
4000 attack points.
That's not good, that's enough
to take out all my life points!
That's right,
and then your number card
and your soul go Bye-BYE!
My soul?
Wait a minute, is that what
happened back at the mall?
He looked like that
because he lost his soul?
You tin twit.
I've already got this kid on the
ropes and you bring that up?
What is wrong with you?
Sorry!
Won't happen again!
What's all this about souls?
Tell me!
I suppose there's no point
keeping it a secret now.
So okay.
My method for taking a
number is somewhat forceful.
So forceful in fact
that when I take it,
that individual's soul
is taken as well!
What do you mean, taken?
Where does it go?
Don't know,
and come to think of it,
I really don't care.
Don't care?
But you had better care yuma,
otherwise, we are both done for!
That guy's got the upper hand,
so I think I better just place
one card facedown,
and end my turn!
Alright then,
it's my move!
Now galaxy-Eyes,
let him have it!
Photon stream of destruction!
Even though Only a number
can destroy a number,
you're still gonna take damage!
Next I'm gonna play THIS:
The spell card - Photon wind,
and it will be knocking the wind
out of you because when I deal
damage without
destroying your monster,
you take an additional
1000 points of damage!
So... He was planning on not
destroying yuma's number card!
And that's not all my
photon wind lets me do.
Now I get to draw a card!
And then I'll place one
facedown!
And with that,
I'll end my turn.
Astral...
as your life points diminish,
my life force does with it.
I have you right in
the Palm of my hand.
Can you feel the crush
of defeat closing in?
It's my move!
Yuma...
come on, what are
you waiting for?
do it.
Here goes... I draw!
but even if the luck of
the draw is with me,
that may not be enough.
after all, I was able to bring
out my very best card utopia,
and it didn't help me
at all. But wait,
only a number can
destroy a number,
and his monster
isn't a number.
so maybe I wasn't having utopia
help me in the right way.
maybe I need to put
him in defense mode!
A risky move.
He went so far as to get rid of
his number cards so he could
summon galaxy-Eyes.
He is sure to have a
plan in place for you
playing a number in defense.
So what do I do?
The only thing you can do
in a moment like THIS:
You hunt the Hunter.
You mean keep attacking?
Hoping that something will work?
But if it doesn't,
we're both done for.
That is True.
But I would rather go out
with a bang than a whimper.
Do you feel the same?
Of course.
So let's get to it!
Well alright then.
Now the only question is,
what is our next
move going to be?
I don't know.
With so much on the line,
my head is swirling.
I can hardly think straight.
Then think back to
a time like this.
A time with a lot on the line,
how did you get through it?
Yuma's father:
Feel the flow son,
and climb!
Astral, my head's clear.
I know exactly what I need
to do to turn things around.
I need to feel
the flooooowwww!
I now summon out
zubaba Knight!
Next, I activate
copy Knight!
This trap copies my monster,
so now I have two
zubaba knights!
Next, I'll overlay them both
so that I can create THIS:
An overlay network!
And with it,
I can now xyz summon!
So come on out
number 17: Leviathan Dragon!
Did he say 'number'?
yep, it's confirmed!
Master Kite, it's
another number monster!
So then you have two, eh?
I wonder,
does that mean that you're
a number Hunter as well?
I sure hope so and
do you know why?
Because then you'll have all
the more for me to snatch!
Yeah, we'll see about that!
I play leviathan's ability!
By Using an overlay unit,
leviathan Dragon gains
500 attack points!
So what? Even with that boost,
galaxy eyes remains
the stronger beast!
Oh I don't care
about who's strongest,
and here's why:
The spell card - Cross attack!
When I have two monsters with
the same attack points, one of
them can't attack, But the other
one can attack you directly!
And thanks to that boost,
utopia and leviathan now have
the same attack points!
So let loose, utopia!
Attack him directly!
So predictable.
Go rising sun slash!
You didn't think I'd let a
simple spell card defeat me,
because it won't be.
And now allow me
to show you why.
I play the trap -
Lumenize!
Now your utopia's
attack is negated,
and galaxy eyes photon Dragon
gains its attack points!
So... Galaxy eyes
is even stronger now?
That's right!
To the tune of 6500!
Just stay calm.
But we're done for.
No, we are not.
So what now?
I will tell you what:
We make the only
move left to make.
Yeah okay,
what is it?
Place the trap in
your hand facedown!
What, ya mean this?
Mirror mail?
But how will
that help... Unless...
that is right.
With mirror mail, when
your opponent wages battle,
mirror mail will change
utopia's attack points
so that it equals
those of galaxy eyes.
Oh wow.
And even though our monsters
attack Points would be the same,
a number can only be
destroyed by a number.
Which means galaxy-Eyes would
be destroyed, But not utopia!
That's it astral,
that's how we'll win!
Then let us get to it.
Don't have to tell me
twice. I play a facedown,
and end my turn!
You're doing great, Hart!
Use your power.
Use all you can!
[Screaming]
my turn.
I draw!
bring it!
do it.
attack!
I summon forth photon cerberus!
And when cerberus is
let off it's leash,
your trap cards are put on it.
Oh no!
So then mirror mail won't
be able to activate?
That's right.
Which means your last
ditch effort to beat me
has failed, and you're
now all out of moves!
He knew.
Somehow he knew.
He has out-Dueled us both.
And now your soul
and number cards
will be mine!
Galaxy-Eyes photon Dragon!
Prepare to attack!
Is this it?
I am afraid so.
Farewell.
Galaxy-Eyes photon Dragon!
Prepare to attack!
Big brother...
go photon stream of...
incoming message.
Master Kite!
Hart!
We'll finish this later.
But now,
I must leave.
Come on,
we must hurry!
Then let's roll!
Did I just miss something?
Yeah, me getting schooled.
Now I know, when
the stakes are high
and everything's on the line,
I don't have what it takes,
even when I feel the flow.
It's on me, astral.
Not you.
I let us down.
Me...
[crying]